you know it's great to enjoy your mucus
Creamery cheese with some crackers but
why not make some wonderful dish out of
it you can add some move to your
everyday dishes even leftovers by
incorporating ryoga's Creamery cheese
and you're cooking so we're gonna make
one of my favorite Japanese dishes
something called Doria now it's really
sort of funny because the Japanese think
that a Doria is an American dish but of
course no American has ever heard of it
it's a Japanese concoction of rice mixed
with some sort of creamy white sauce and
vegetables or whatever you like to put
it in we're going to use winter truffle
and some sauteed mushrooms to make our
Doria we're gonna start off by sauteing
some mushrooms in a little bit of olive
oil at high heat listen to that sizzle
alright I've got my winter truffle it's
all cut up and now I'm just gonna drop
it into some boiling water here in a
second this is gonna be a lovely creamy
sauce that we're gonna combine with the
mushrooms and the precooked leftover
white rice now I've got some sad-looking
leftover white rice here I'm gonna dump
it right into the pot with my lovely
winter truffle creamy sauce here and I'm
gonna add my sauteed mushrooms that are
nice and brown and give it a little stir
all right been important to a couple of
Gratton dishes here sprinkle a little
bit of some breadcrumbs right on top and
then we're gonna pop them into the oven
they'll be ready in about 20 minutes